📝 Document the Usage of Templates and add Rationale of QDMI (#90)
Munich-Quantum-Software-Stack/QDMI: docs/index.md

Reviewer: Should we populate the end of this page with a couple of pointers to the various documents that can be found in the documentation? I think that could help people find stuff.

Author: Take a look at  [4210735](https://github.com/Munich-Quantum-Software-Stack/QDMI/commit/4210735b3773f057e692b431b7f788630acec9fd).

Reviewer: Just two small comments on wording. Otherwise this LGTM 👍🏻

## Quantum Device Management Interface

<img class="qdmi" alt="QDMI in Quantum Software Stack" src="qdmi.svg">

<!-- Include the content of README.md between the pair of markers DOXYGEN MAIN. -->

\snippet{doc} README.md DOXYGEN MAIN

### How to Use this Documentation?

This documentation tries to provide helpful information to get you started with QDMI.

#### General Information

> The [FQA](faq.md) page gives an overview over frequently asked questions. More details about the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [FAQ](faq.md) page gives an overview over frequently asked questions. More details about the
```

design and implementation can be found in the [Rationale](rationale.md) page.

#### Hands-On

The [Examples](examples.md) page provides a collection of examples to see QDMI in action. When you
want to start your own implementation of QDMI, the [Templates](templates.md) page is a good starting
point.

#### Nitty-Gritty Details

> When you are interested in the details of the semantics of function, the [API Reference](files.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you are interested in the details of the semantics of functions and the whole API, the [Reference Documentation](files.html)
```
